Skip to main content
Skip to navigation

We’re STILL shipping! Click here for Canada Post labour dispute updates.

your preferred store is Toronto Eaton Centre, ON, currently Open, Closes at at 10:00 p.m. click to change store
Toronto Eaton Centre, ON
Open⋅ Closes at 10:00 p.m.
Search


Sign in to view your personalized offers

Don’t have an account?

 Join Now
Sign In
Home
Sports & Recreation
Bikes & Accessories
Bikes
Mountain Bikes
Supercycle Reaction Hardtail Mountain Bike for All Ages, 26-in, Black
Supercycle Reaction Hardtail...
Supercycle
Supercycle Reaction Hardtail Mountain Bike for All Ages, 26-in, Black#071-0110-8
4.1 out of 5 stars, average rating value. Read 11 Reviews. Same page link.
4.1
 
(11)
View Product Details
              
$159.99
Earn up to $14.40 CT Money®
Top RatedExclusive
Sign-in for Sales Alerts
Buy Online :
FREE
Pick Up
Available
Same-Day Delivery
Unavailable
Ship to home
Unavailable
Pick up at Toronto Eaton Centre, ON
3 In Stock
Need more? 
Free Pick Up over $25 (before taxes)

Pick up available 02:00 p.m., Aug 06

Check other stores
Quantity updated to 1
Add to Cart
Buy Now
Also Find It in Store:

Only 3 left 

 at Toronto Eaton Centre, ON
Check other stores
Add to Registry

Earn CT Money®

up to
$14.40

when you purchase with Triangle Rewards®

Show Me How
Login or Join
Product Details

The Supercycle Reaction is a versatile and well-equipped hardtail mountain bike. The integrated grip shifting system allows you to cycle through 18 different speeds in various riding conditions, while the front and rear V-brakes provide ample stopping power. The 19-inch frame is designed to fit a variety of riders.

Features
Specifications
Resources
Reviews
Questions & Answers
Shop Related Categories
Bikes
Bike Accessories
Protective Gear
Parts
Exercise Bikes
Shop Smarter with the app
Sign in to view your personalized offers
Sign In

Don’t have a Triangle ID or Triangle Rewards® Card?

 Join Now
Customer Support
Services & Solutions
About Us
Legal
Be the first to know
Get your weekly flyer email directly to you
Sign up
Download the App
Begin shopping smarter
Learn More

© 2025 Copyright Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited. All rights Reserved.

△The tire producer / manufacturer of the tires you are buying, and Canadian Tire is responsible for the recycling fee that is included in your invoice. The tire producer / manufacturer and Canadian Tire uses this fee to pay for the collection, transportation, and processing of used tires.

CANADIAN TIRE® and the CANADIAN TIRE Triangle Design are registered trade-marks of Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited.

±Was price reflects the last national regular price this product was sold for.

**Online prices and sale effective dates may differ from those in-store and may vary by region. Dealers may sell for less.

* Financing available is “Equal payments, no interest” for 24 months (unless otherwise stated) and is only available on request, on approved credit and on purchases of $150 (unless otherwise stated) or more (Gift Cards excluded) made with your Triangle credit card at Canadian Tire, Sport Chek, Mark’s, L’Équipeur, Atmosphere, Sports Rousseau, Hockey Experts, L’Entrepôt du Hockey and participating Sports Experts. Interest does not accrue during the period of the plan. However, if we do not receive the full minimum due on a statement within 59 days of the date of that statement, or any event of default (other than a payment default) occurs under your Cardmember Agreement, all special payment plans on your account will terminate and (i) you will then be charged interest on the balances outstanding on such plans at the applicable regular annual rate from the day after the date of your next statement, and (ii) the balances outstanding will form part of the balance due on that statement. There is no administration fee charged for entering into a special payments plan. Each month during an equal payments plan you are required to pay in full by the due date that month’s equal payments plan instalment. Any unpaid portion not received by the due date will no longer form part of the equal payments plan and interest will accrue on that amount from the day after the date of your next statement at the applicable regular annual rate. Offer subject to change without notice.

Additional information for residents of Quebec only: The regular annual rate for persons applying for the Triangle Mastercard and the Triangle World Elite Mastercard is 21.99% for cash transactions and related fees and 21.99% for all other charges. Some applicants may receive a higher or lower regular annual rate depending on a credit evaluation. The minimum payment is the sum of (a) the greater of: (i) interest and fees shown on your statement + $10; or (ii) 5% of the New Balance, excluding amounts on special payment plans, (b) any balance over your credit limit, (c) any amounts past due not included in (b) above, and (d) the amount of any equal payments plan instalments then due. Balances under $10 are due in full. For residents of Quebec, the period between the statement date and the due date for payment is 26 days. The billing period covered by each statement can be from 28-33 days. The Triangle Mastercard and the Triangle World Elite Mastercard do not have an annual fee. Examples of borrowing costs (rounded to the nearest cent) assuming that all charges are purchases bearing interest at the regular annual rate of 21.99%, a 30 day month, no charges made on special payment plans and no other fees, additional payments or other changes are:



If your average balance is:	Total monthly credit charges will be:
$100	$1.81
$500	$9.04
$1000	$18.07
$2000	$36.15

 

† In the form of electronic Canadian Tire Money® (CT Money®). You cannot collect paper Canadian Tire Money on bonus offers. Any bonus multiplier is based on the base rate of collecting CT Money. Not all items sold at Canadian Tire earn CT Money. The offered rate is exclusive of any bonus or promotional offers or redemption transactions. CT Money is collected on the pre-tax. Bonus CT Money collected from online orders will be applied to the member’s Triangle Rewards™ account within 5 weeks of the purchase date. Terms and Conditions apply. Visit Triangle Rewards: Sign Up & Earn Today for more information.

®/TMMark’s is a registered trademark of Mark’s Work Warehouse Ltd, used under licence.

®/TMSport Chek is a registered trademark of FGL Sports Ltd, used under licence.

◊Off our original prices. Pricing, selection, and availability of clearance items are determined by each store. Applicable on select styles/sizes. Clearance items may be display models or not exactly as shown. Quantities may be limited and may vary by store. Rainchecks unavailable. We reserve the right to limit quantities. Shop early for greatest selection. Contact your local store for more information.

‡‡Shipping fees apply. Shipping fees and delivery times vary depending on location, size and weight of the item(s) and is only available within the province of the Canadian Tire retail location (“Store”) from which the item(s) was purchased. Bulk items will only be delivered within a 100km radius of the Store. Not available in Recontre East, NL. Conditions and restrictions apply. Visit Online Ordering for more information.

®/™ Mastercard, World Mastercard and World Elite are registered trademarks, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.
®/TM Unless otherwise noted, all trademarks are owned by Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and are used under license.
◊Off our original price. Quantities may vary by store. Some clearance product and price points may not be available at all locations.
± Was price reflects the last national regular price this product was sold for



®/™ Unless otherwise noted, all trademarks are owned by Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited.

*$9.99 + tax delivery fee.  Select your store and enter postal code on the product page while shopping to determine if same day delivery is available.  Products must meet certain cube/weight dimensions and distance from store must be less than 10km.  For full terms/conditions, visit https://www.canadiantire.ca/en/customer-service/online-ordering.html 

*Free at the majority of stores. Some stores may require a minimum order value (before taxes). Orders that do not meet the minimum order value will be subject to a fee.  Orders ready typically within 24 hours. Wait for Ready for Pick Up email before proceeding to store. **$9.99 + tax delivery fee. Available at select stores. Select your store and enter postal code on the product page while shopping to determine if same day delivery is available. Orders placed before the cutoff time will be delivered the same day, and orders placed after cutoff time will arrive the next day. Eligible in-stock items only. Products must meet certain cube/weight dimensions and distance from store must be less than 10km. For full terms/conditions, visit https://www.canadiantire.ca/en/customer-service/online-ordering.html








 


®/TM Unless otherwise noted, all trademarks are owned by Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and are used under license.

 

 

 

*Terms and conditions apply to collecting and redeeming. Visit triangle.com for full program rules. Ordinarily you are not able to collect Canadian Tire Money® (CT Money®) on that portion of a transaction in respect of which you redeemed CT Money, but can do so with this special offer. You may redeem for the full purchase price in CT Money to a maximum of $1,000 but bonus CT Money is calculated only on the pre-tax amount. Special offer not valid for Gift Card purchases. Pre-tax purchase. Bonus applied to maximum redemption of $1,000. No rainchecks.



* The Triangle Rewards Program is owned and operated by Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited. The Triangle® credit cards are issued by Canadian Tire Bank. Rewards are in the form of electronic Canadian Tire Money® (CT Money®). To collect bonus CT Money you must pay with a Triangle credit card. You cannot collect paper Canadian Tire Money on bonus offers. Any bonus multiplier is based on the base rate of collecting CT Money (0.4%), and will be added to whatever the Member would otherwise collect, without the bonus. Example: On a $100 (pre-tax) purchase with a 20x bonus multiplier a Member would earn a bonus $8 in CT Money (20 X 0.4% X $100). The 30x for Triangle® Mastercard®, World Mastercard® and World Elite® Mastercard® customers consists of the 10x everyday plus a 20x bonus. Not all items sold are eligible to earn CT Money or to be redeemed for. Conditions apply. Visit triangle.com for full program rules and Partner location information. The offered rate is exclusive of any bonus or promotional offers or redemption transactions. CT Money is collected on the pre-tax amount of the purchase. Bonus CT Money may take up to 5 weeks to be applied to the Member’s Triangle Rewards Account. No rainchecks. Must pay with a Triangle credit card. Gift cards and other items excluded.

®/™ Mastercard, World Mastercard, World Elite and the circles are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.



*The Triangle Rewards Program is owned and operated by Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited. The Triangle® credit cards are issued by Canadian Tire Bank. Rewards are in the form of electronic Canadian Tire Money® (CT Money®). To collect bonus CT Money you must present a Triangle Rewards card/key fob, or use any approved Cardless method, at time of purchase or pay with a Triangle credit card. You cannot collect paper CT Money on bonus offers. Minimum $150 spend is on the pre-tax amount on the same tender and for a single transaction. $150 must be spent on items that earn CT Money. Not all items sold at Canadian Tire are eligible to earn CT Money or to be redeemed for. Conditions apply. Visit triangle.com for full program rules and Partner location information. The offered rate is exclusive of any bonus or promotional offers or redemption transactions. CT Money is collected on the pre-tax amount of the purchase. Bonus CT Money may take up to 5 weeks to be applied to the Member’s Triangle Rewards Account. No rainchecks. Single use only per Triangle Rewards Account.